Now that we've finished our drawings Let's go ahead and piece them together.
I've created a new document that is 1920 by 10 80 pixels and its resolution is 70.
So let's grab our first drawn with the marquee tool and let's copy it by going.
Control see on your keyboard for a Mac.
It's command.
C it's come back toward new document and paste that in
Alice in large this
thing that should be about good.
Now we're going to need to cut this mountain out or that.
Now this mountain but this island because right now it's on a white background if I turn off the background
of this document you'll see there's still white around it.
So let's cut them out with the last tool and let's make sure we're using the polygon a lasso tool and
we'll just select around them.
Does doesn't have to be perfect we just need to get this white space out of the way so when we put the
castle behind it we will be able to see it.
It's probably good enough
turn the background back on but scriber castle now
let's slide his layer behind the island
and let's shrink them down
.
This part of the game is all about resizing and moving pieces around the page.
We just need to make.
We just need to get that ice composition going
grab our floating islands.
Now it's actually cut them out one at a time with our Lasso tool
.
Now let's add our water line.
I'm thinking it's going to be right above this window.
So remember it's shift holding down shift while you're painting to create a straight line.
Whoops.
Some do that.
Let's add a new layer for the water line and this layer will be on top of all the other layers.
All right.
And there is our basic lay out for our background and we can add in the trees.
But I don't think we're going to do that yet.
We'll leave that for later if your drawn along with me then you can go ahead and do this with your own
drawings if you'd like.
You can use the drawings that were included with this course and you can just resize them and put them
into position to practice